MEETING NOTES:

Notes for meeting 1: (09/19/2022)

Michael is a charismatic person
Project is to make a website to book accommodations at specific venues for evacuees in times of crisis.  
Canada based for now
Only for evacuees or people in emergency situations for now
Bookings for groups of evacuees
Booking confirmations done by reservation assistant by using the website
Booking requests submitted by evacuee groups or emergency personal through website (or by phone)
Three main categories/pages - Groups, Regions, Bookings
Software to use are Larvel/ Breeze 
From Glohaven, we will be in contact and meeting with Goerge. Can message him on discord for doubts
Requirements google doc - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QihJwHGf21KwdMD0RD1Cv3IDLi0mGxSd2uo_oKJF6tQ/edit?usp=sharing

Duration: 1 hr 12 minutes



Notes for meeting 2: (09/26/2022)

Doubts and updates: Inform Goerge about the list of requirements that we’ve made, and that we are working on a paper prototype to present with. Also ask about how to update capacities and such on accommodations. Do emergency services do it or do the glohaven agents do it?

Meeting was good. RA should have access to everything and is the one that updates and adds accommodations to the page.These accommodations will reach out to the RA and tell them they have x rooms available with all the infoRA will then add in the accommodation on the siteIf someone wants to book a room they will call or register on the websiteThe RA will see this and confirm the accommodation. When this happens availability should automatically reduce by how many ever rooms were bookedGoerge said we can ask any doubts on the discord chat before 4 pm on weekdaysAnd with regards to the new message by Michael on the Glohaven discord, he said no need to add anything new just yet, to just stick the functionality of supporting evacuees for now

Duration: 35 minutes


Notes for Meeting 3: (10/03/22)

Displayed first paper prototypes - main admin page, accommodation update page. Paper prototypes on the right track.
next week meeting on Tuesday 4pm

Duration: 22 minutes


Notes for meeting 4: (10/11/22) 

Doubts and updates:
How do admins login? User name/ employee id?
How are we hosting the website? Personal servers? Docker?
How large are the regions supposed to be? Riding districts? 

No changes in any requirements
Admins log in with username and password
No need to host the website, hosting locally and screen sharing is fine
He will get back to us with regards to how big regions should be
We can show him our presentation slides to review before presentation

Duration: 22 minutes



Notes for meeting 5: (10/17/22) 

Tips from Michael’s meeting with EMS people:
Possibility for the race condition of 2 bookings for same soon so make sure no 2 bookings can be handled at the same time. 
Multiple logins so each ra’s person must have a different login

Update for Goerge:
Everyones finished setting up Larvel. We’ve created the website and have just begun to work on it thus not much of an update just yet.

Duration: 13 minutes



Notes for meeting 6: (10/24/22) 

An RA will be assigned from the EMS department of each city/region that works with Glohaven
So an RA will themselves be an EMS person managing some city or region’s  accommodation for evacuee’s and ems
The RA of that city/region will have the rights to create new accommodations for that city/region and book accommodations for groups in that city/region
If evacuees need to make a booking they will get in contact with the RA directly or indirectly through EMS
Thinking about one access level for all RA’s no superiority yet
Someone will call ra to get stay, ra will enter booking under primary name of caller, and names  of everyone else in the group (and contact details)
RA will create their own account when its decided who the RA will be for a region/city. Also the RA does not necessarily have to be incharge of 1 city. RA's control may be over 2 cities depending on size or even a region like okanagan

Duration: 23 minutes



Notes for meeting 7: (10/31/22) 

Update for Goerge:
Everyone is working on the webiste as planned continuing work from last week. 
Working on creating and linking pages accounting for all requirements.
Next is to create and link database. 
Not much else to update. 

Update from Goerge:
Nothing new to update.
Goerge may come campus to see our demo presentations.

Duration: 19 minutes



Notes for meeting 8: (11/07/22) 

Update for Goerge:
Website almost finished. Starting to work on database. No more updates.
No updates from Goerge. 
Asked goerge for Glohvaven pictures to use on the website, he will report back with them.

Duration: 13 minutes



Notes for meeting 9: (11/14/22) 

Update for Goerge:
Website front-end basically finished. Finishing touches only.
No updates from Goerge. 
Goerge will get back with the photos requested in last meeting. 

Duration: 11 minutes


Notes for meeting 10: (11/21/22) 

Update for Goerge:
Upon completion of Peer review tasks document we realized there is more to add to the front end. Working on that and setting the back end up now. 
No updates from Goerge. 

Duration: 12 minutes



Notes for meeting 11: (11/28/22) 

Update for Goerge:
Perfecting front end. Continuing work on back end. 
Once front end is completing, requested for Goerge to check the website so far and see if all is going according to plan or any changes required. He agreed. 
No updates from Goerge. 

Duration: 11 minutes




Notes for meeting 11: (1/10/23) 

Goerge would like a video going over the website to show Michael. 5-6 mins. Does not have to be too technical. Get started on bonus part (3 things) after completing updates from feedback
He’s pretty happy with what we’ve done so far in terms of functionalities
So he said we could get started on the bonus parts and start expanding

Duration: 25 minutes




Notes for meeting 11: (1/17/23) 

Michael happy with video, nothing to add. Goerge says he’ll give us time till next week to discuss bonus features in depth. 
But general ideas:

Bonus features:

Public facing reservation system:
Provide general public with a way to send a digital request (form) to regional ra for accommodation. 
Ra’s would need a place to view/accept/decline all the requests as well

Visual heatmap of activity per region:
For accommodations being booked
Extra: could also have extra functions such as where there is flooding, where there are fires(literal heatmap)

Duration: 21 minutes



Notes for meeting 11: (1/24/23) 

Goerge happy withh progress being made. 
Updated Goerge that Akshaj has some issues connecting to database which is being solved and database being set up and changes being made to from end of website based on reccomendations.
Nothing new to update from Goerge. 

Duration: 16 minutes



Notes for meeting 11: (1/31/23) 

Updated Goerge that Akshaj's database connectivity issue was resolved. 
The group is wokring on setting up the bonus features. Changes based on user feedback mostly implemented. 
Nothing new to update from Goerge. 

Duration: 10 minutes


Notes for meeting 11: (2/06/23) 
 
Nothing new to update from Goerge. 
Implementing interfae changes, changing design of website

Duration: 14 minutes